Throw dev-time error for noMargin prop (#1511)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/dull-lions-shave.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': major
---

> Added `UNSAFE_DISABLE_NO_MARGIN_ERRORS` environment variable to silence noMargin errors in development when it is set to `true`.

Reviewer: What we're doing is actually throwing an error instead of a deprecation warning. The env var is just an escape hatch

```suggestion
Threw a runtime error when the `noMargin` prop isn't passed to components requiring it. Setting the `UNSAFE_DISABLE_NO_MARGIN_ERRORS` environment variable to `true` will temporarily turn off the errors.
```
